Hey, Do you remember the first time we met? ofc u do thats such a cliche question :D 
do you know it was 538 days ago? Thats  how long it takes to grow a pineapple (dont ask me why i know this). I want to tell you some thoughts that i had during our relationship.
I've never had a girl thats this beautiful i mean i had girls that looked good but you are a whole different level of beauty you look like a goddess (not that i'm a big fan of that term but you get the point, i could imagine you being a goddess like Athena or Aphrodite. I'm a fan of greek mythology but u know that) you are a disney princess class of beauty i just want to say u the best looking girl i've ever seen and im not fucking lying to you. I'm  not looking at other girls i'm not even interested when somebody is showing me their crush or when a girl walks by me i dont care, i never felt like that before you i have a feeling that you are mine and always will be and that we are destined to be together i feel nothing when i look at other girls maybe i would call it that i fell disgusted by them i've never compared you to other girls i've never thought about other girls. Since we met for the second time (when we started hanging out after u came) i had a feeling that u are special since the first day i fell in love with u that day i remember when we were on statek and went to sit in the green peugeot with kikina and pepa and you chose to sit next to  me where even wasnt a seat even tho u could have sat behind me in that moment i remember that moment so clear  i knew that i have to do this i never was so sure about wanting somebody i needed you i was single for a long time before that and i felt that every girl is not enough for me not the one i wanted to date but when you sat there i knew you are the one i felt special i felt like a king i was so happy, i wanted to flex so hard on others that YOU sat next to me i felt like i was the richest man on earth like fucking elon musk that i had the best drip ever but i felt like that because of you not money or something else it was that you were there laughing and smiling with me i felt like we connected that moment. After that kikina told me that we are gonna end up together and i didnt believe her i didnt think that i can have you i felt like you were another league but i prayed every night since then to have you i was dreaming of us together. I remember how i went out just because i hoped that you will come to chocerady by the same time u did the day before i didnt know but i prayed for it i met guys in the park so u thought i was there with them but i wasnt i didnt know they were there i went out to hope i will meet u, when it was time i was constantly looking if u are coming or not and when u did i was so happy, i still feel like that to this day when i see u. I'm the happiest man on earth u changed me u did show me who i can become that i dont have to be that cold heartless guy that never felt really loved you changed my life like nobody did and im very greatfull for that im happy that it was you u are the right one to change me i always said: Pro tebe vsechno kote, ale nikdy se nebudu menit. and u broke that u broke my ego and sent it to space at the same time  the old me would not like that but you showed him that there is a way to be the happy af without doing bad stuff... I could talk and write about you for years but i want to keep something for when we are together i want to tell you everything that i wanted before but wasnt able to i want to give you what you deserve what i should've give you and act like i was supposed to and how i wanted and want i want to fix what i destroyed i never wanted something this bad believe me i cant imagine being without you i dont even want to imagine it i just want to be with you i want to get lost in your beautiful eyes again and for the rest of my life i want to listen to our songs again be the guy u deserve and who i want to be ,i dont want to move on i just want my princess back. I know i fucked up i know i cant take it back its killing me the fact that i never lost a bit of love towards you but still made u feel like that is really making me wanna kill my self (methapho) i dont want to make u feel bad by doing this i just want you to know how i feel im scared that wouldnt know that. jsi muj utek daleko od pekel